Add docs for how to update web socket headers (#1056)
zino-hofmann/graphql-flutter: packages/graphql/README.md

 );
```

#### Updating WebSocket socket connection

> in some cases you want to update your websocket connection like this issue #727
> to do that you have to do 2 things 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases, you want to update your web socket connection (as described in #727), in order to implement this functionality you need to do the following steps:
```

  Stream<Response> request(Request request, [forward]) async* {
    /// first get the token by your own way
    String? token = "...";

    /// check is connection is null or the token changed
    if (_connection == null || _connection!.token != token) {
      connectOrReconnect(token);
    }
    yield* _connection!.client.subscribe(request, true);
  }

  /// Connects or reconnects to the server with the specified headers.
  void connectOrReconnect(String? token) {
    _connection?.client.dispose();
    var _url = Uri.parse(url);
    if (kIsWeb) {
      /// web don't support headers in sockets so you may need to pass it as query string
      /// server must support that
      _url = _url.replace(queryParameters: {"access_token": token});
    }
    _connection = _Connection(
      client: SocketClient(
        _url.toString(),
        config: SocketClientConfig(
          autoReconnect: true,
          headers: kIsWeb || token == null
              ? null
              : {"Authorization": " Bearer $token"},
        ),
      ),
      token: token,
    );
  }

  @override
  Future<void> dispose() async {
    await _connection?.client.dispose();
    _connection = null;
  }
}

> /// this a wrapper for web socket to hold the used token

Reviewer: ```suggestion

/// this a wrapper for web socket to hold the used token
```
